as you know home to many great cooks and
chefs and bakers and artisans of all
types and it was also home to the
world's biggest maker of fortune cookies
a company called wonton food they're
based in Brooklyn and they have a
factory in Long Island City and I happen
to love a good fortune cookie so Kyra
and I took a field trip to Queens to
learn how to they put those fortunes in
the cookies and to maybe write a few of
our own this is the place yeah let's
check this out did you carry them all
away again Wow we come in an exhausted
tough Philly welcome to wanton food how
do I look
beautiful thank you oh you look good too
[Music]
so this is the production floor these
are them right these are the the batter
gets fed from upstairs to down here to
all these machines and they can wait and
then here is a section part of it what
you say they get baked these people are
high in one of these rolls
four thousand four thousand fortunes in
here and you write everything
I didn't write every one of them now do
people who were gluten-free ever just by
the roll we don't really sell the paper
by itself you don't tell the paper by
yourself have you thought about selling
the paper by itself hmm we're gonna make
a lot of money you and I love you the
two of us so I would love to help and I
know Guillermo also would love to help
write some fortunes and that would be
great and then you need to meet the
vetting committee this vetting committee
is it have to be unanimous yes it does
it does oh really
so it just cries both well maybe with
the ladies we do goods oh yeah we do
great especially in these hats this is
where you write the fortunes that is
where we write the fortunes it's not as
magical as I imagined it
yeah little tiny office little desk this
is where people's fates are decided in a
cubicle it's actually quite poetic if
you think about life and the plight of
the American worker you know I'll keep
you guys a little time just a little
time and we're gonna work on it now I'll
come back and check on you guys thank
you all right we'll get to work I can't
think of anything
what are you writing I put money is not
everything but you can buy a lot of
pencil teens it is yeah it's really good
I'm gonna write it also money is not
everything that's not you
what's sheeting hey that was my idea no
no no like give me another one that you
have there okay I have another one
Mexican food is better than Chinese some
of the same thing almost but not exactly
I have a period at the end of my
sentence I think he's watching this
about this pay your bill and go home
there's fried rice in your goatee
fortune cookies like a wife you might
get a good one or you may not
if you read this out loud you will get
syphilis so how you guys doing I think
we're doing well we wrote a bunch of
them and I feel like good the vetting
committee is gonna love them it would be
great if we could get like on some kind
of an endorsement from you to the
committee before we start definitely
great
how do the introduction excellent let's
do it
[Music]
I'm really nervous right now
good for you guys I'm the last member of
the committee you're not in the vetting
committee yes I am you son of a
your honors this is my friend Guillermo
he will begin with our first idea my
first idea that's what I just said yeah
okay there you go read it you are about
to eat a cookie cute right Alice likes
it got one I got one that's good
Thank You Alice Thank You Alice all
right well maybe you'll like mine more
how many orange chickens have to die
before you people are happy
go ahead Guillermo don't order
vegetables they're not fresh all right
you will soon be coming into a large sum
of Bed Bath & Beyond coupons okay I've
got one thumbs up Julia you're killing
me how about this then you will find
love in a Starbucks bathroom lucky
numbers 2 5 13 15 18 27 9 all thumbs
down someone will buy you a tequila shot
[Applause]
[Music]
maybe have a tequila bottle tequila here
you ever yeah well I happen to have some
shot glasses all right let's do it let's
do it
how do you seek tears in Chinese
[Applause]
that was fun huh huh that was nice
everybody give me one of those fortune
cookies oh yeah here thank you wine says
new and rewarding opportunities will
soon develop for you wow that's bad news
for you let me remind you are about to
hit by the bus we're about to get hit by
[Applause]
Thanks
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever